                     ASIAPCS2.ZIP
                       By hans

I'm finally getting around to uploading the individual icons 
which I used to create my 'Asianpcs' Cbody.tlb!  However, that 
was my first upload, and I no longer feel it's up to my current 
artistic standards.  So, I revamped the old Cbody, and I'm 
including the new version here, along with all of the improved 
or replacement icons.  I'm also including 2 'icon maps' to aid 
in locating a particular favorite:  one map shows the 49 icons 
from my 'Asianpcs.zip' Cbody, and the second showing the icons 
from the enclosed, revamped Cbody.  

Since I've replaced some icons (and those might have been some 
folks' favorites), I'm including this new Cbody as an alternate 
rather than simply overwriting the original.  I've paid closer 
attention to the 2-step animation effects on this one.  Some 
changes were to eliminate such things as 'swingy-arm syndrome'; 
that is, when an icon moves nothing but his sword-arm in combat.  
So, the actions in this Cbody will appear much more natural, 
I believe, during battle. 

To use the enclosed Cbody:  Make a back-up copy of the Cbody.tlb
file located in Disk 3 of UA.  Then you can replace the one in 
your Disk 3 file with the enclosed Cbody.tlb --now when you play 
the game, and are selecting an icon for a player character, you 
will have my new set of 49 icons to choose from.  

(For instructions on how to use the enclosed Cbody with UAShell, 
you'll have to look elsewhere. --I'm no expert on that program, 
I'm afraid...)  

Specifically, 'Asiapcs2' includes (aside from this .txt file):  

c_asia1.pcx - c_asia49.pcx  These are the original icons used in 
                            my 'Asianpcs.zip' Cbody.  

x_asia1.pcx - x_(etc.)      These are either modified original 
                            icons or complete replacements; note 
                            that the majority of the original 
                            icons graduated to the new Cbody 
                            untouched, so there are only 21 'x' 
                            icons.  

iconmap1.pcx                This is a screen-cap of the original 
                            'Asianpcs' Cbody icons as they appear 
                            during UA's selection process.  

iconmap2.pcx                This is a screen-cap of the enclosed 
                            Cbody's icons.  

Cbody.tlb                   This is the alternate Cbody of Asian 
                            characters ready for an Oriental 
                            Adventure!

         
                     ***********

     hans
     DHanson111@aol.com.

