IT_BATCH : V1.1 Item String Batch Inserter

Changes Since v1.0:  Strings are packed a bit better in this version, in
particular how it handles a string made up of a piece of another string.
Basically, this means the file can be a little bigger, and the default
doesn't have to be changed as much to get a legal group.  For example, the
sample strings vary from the defaults in only one string:  "Cute Yellow
Canary" got replaced with "Fob" (which IMHO is slightly more useful).

OK, OK, a fob is a watch chain, way back when watches were worn in shirt
pockets rather than wrists.  Look it up; it really IS a word!


OVERVIEW

This little utility takes a list from a text file called STRINGS.TXT and
inserts them as a set of item strings in the current CKIT.EXE file.  The
main advantage of doing this is that you now have a list of item strings
that you can print out and refer back to as you are editing items.  If
you number the items on your printout, you can assign names in the current
item editor a lot faster.

You edit STRINGS.TXT, replace the current data with new item strings of your
choice, and run IT_BATCH to store them in CKIT.EXE.  It's that simple.  Well,
not QUITE that simple... STRINGS.TXT must be 1158 bytes (ie: 16 less than
default amount) or smaller, and it must contain at least 125 lines (blank
lines are acceptable).  Given these conditions, the program should work fine.


FUTURE PROJECTS

I am working on a sort of compiler for item records.  Like this program, it
will take a file with words in it and use those words to specify various
things about each object.  For instance, if a line in the text file has
"PLUS 1" in it, the current item will have its magic bonus adjusted to 1.
Also like this one, the text file serves as a record for what you did.

This might require a bit of a learning curve, a lot more than my other
utilities.  However, I think it is a more robust system that will benefit
people who know what they're doing very much.
